Hello everyone and welcome to my 10
white point is today I'm going to
teach how to customize a pair of glasses
Sun and give them a touch of fun color
for the summer for this tutorial I have
used an orange nail polish
1 color range this increases clear and a
turquoise the number of the tones what
I will leave indicated in my blog to start
we can do two things to take away the
crystals to the glasses or in my case I
I'm going to take some duct tape and I'm going to
place on the glass like this
or
then with the cutter I'm going to cut what
closer to the edge
in this way we will avoid staining
the crystals
others we are going to if we press
the edges and remove propellers
in this way it is completely covered
we do so with the rest of the crystal a
Once we have covered the crystals
with zeal
I'm going to take this strawberry-colored nail polish
and plenty I will start
paint the glasses
so that it looks good we're going to have to
give at least two layers
I'm going to paint only the top part
lower part color graffiti
orange and then I will make a gradient between
they
Y
once we verify that it is
completely dry let's give it a
second layer of color
now with the orange nail polish I'm going
do is degraded
Y
for this we are going to need a sponge
of this kind this is a piece of
scourer
and a place to put on nail polishes
let's take a couple of drops
and now with the sponge
we bend and soak it
to pierce light touches right where
the two colors come together
I'm going to take a little more
I take the sponge
dad and neither excess and
I keep giving light touches
to create that gradient
this is how our
degraded
now to make it look more integrated I'm going
to catch again the raspberry color and
I will do the same for the other
down direction
I take a little sponge we will
it takes away the stress and I'm going to do it now
degraded to down in this way
the two will be better integrated
colors
now let's paint the sideburns of the
glasses I have thought about making hairline
colors
i
I'm going to start with this color and
we are simply painting stripes to
our finest taste more weights like
we prefer
Y
two
that's how our
spectacle
we could leave it like that but I'm going to
add some white stripes between
the reality of colors I'm going to do
with this white nail polish
For this I will use this brush that is more
fine that the one who brings own nail polish
so we can make a few more lines
precise
you have to have a little patience but
the result is worth it
we just have to catch and give one last
layer with transparent shine
in this way we will ensure a little more
the color to avoid highlighting and
we will give a touch of extra brightness and for
so we can see how the
final result of our glasses
customized we have left the part
interior of the unpainted spectacle as it is
the part that is in contact with the skin and
I preferred to leave it like this to avoid
possible adverse reactions good
I hope you liked a kiss and
until next time